[dark. brooding music playing]
♪ ♪
[hinge creaks]
[shower running]
[water spraying]
♪ ♪
[alarm wailing]
[abrupt silence]
[uneasy music playing]
♪ ♪
[distorted laughter]
[distorted sounds playing in reverse]
[inhales]
[♪ Sara Diamond: "Know My Name"]
♪ ♪
[Ciara vocalizing with song]
♪ Went home in the best of ways ♪
♪ Still smilin' on the best of days ♪
♪ Rain fallin' till the clear skies ♪
♪ Not lookin' for a reason why ♪
♪ Stay holy till you make it whole ♪
♪ Face down is not the way to go ♪
♪ When they sell you on the good life ♪
♪ They're eatin' from the withered vine ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Where'd you go? ♪
♪ Won't you let me take control? ♪
♪ I'm about to flip it up
and tell you why ♪
♪ ♪
♪ When you're livin' on the real world ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh-oh ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
-[Oliver] Oh.
-Sorry.
Are you in line?
No.
I got the wrong drink.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. NASA.
Your bag. Uh. I like it.
I like your bag. [chuckles]
Thanks.
It's. uh. from
the Space Museum in New York.
Yeah. no. I know. the. uh. the Intrepid.
Uh. I-I've always...
I've always wanted to go.
It's cool. but the Kennedy Space Center.
I think. is cooler.
Because. you know. the Enterprise
was only ever a test shuttle
and Kennedy has the Atlantis.
which was the real deal.
Are you trying to impress me?
Maybe. [laughs]
It's working.
Can you name all the shuttles?
No. I don't think so. I'm not that good.
I'm Oliver. uh. by the way.
I'm Ciara.
Ciara. you want to go
get a coffee with me?
My-My office is. uh. is right up there
on the corner. actually.
So is mine.
Which is the only reason
you would catch me in a store
with a dedicated kombucha section.
[laughs] Uh. yeah. I like kombucha.
Something about it. uh. tasting revolting
and. uh. being really expensive
just. it just really gets me going.
-Hits you? Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Gets me going.
-[laughs]
So. what do you do?
-Uh. I'm in tech support.
-Ah.
Yeah. for a cloud company.
It's mostly. you know. like
-backup and recovery and stuff like that.
-Mm.
-What about you?
-I work in architecture.
No. I-I. um...
I don't draw the plans. I. uh...
I just talk about them.
So. are you. uh. are you from here. or...?
No. uh. my dad was in the Navy. so I...
grew up all over. but I moved to Boston
a week ago for my work.
-No way.
-Yeah.
Me. uh. me. too.
I mean. I moved here a couple months ago.
But. uh...
-Damn.
-What?
No. I just. I finally met someone
who's interesting
and y-you can't even show me around.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
Hey. uh...
This might be a little bit.
uh. presumptuous.
but I'm gonna ask it anyway.
There's a documentary on Apollo 11
playing at the Adler Theater
in Brookline on Wednesday.
Do you want to go with me?
Do you know where Brookline is?
I have no idea where Brookline is.
Oh. okay. good.
But we can find it together. you know?
Blind leading the blind.
Okay.
Yeah. give me your phone.
Thank you.
I read about this. uh. this place
that does really good cocktails.
We could... We can meet there.
6:30. Westbury Bar.
Okay.
That works for me.
See you there.
Blind leading the blind.
[chuckles] That's funny.
[sinister music playing]
[♪ The Way: "Fastball"]
♪ Where were they going
without ever knowing the way? ♪
[mumbling lyrics]
♪ They drank up the wine ♪
♪ And they got to talking ♪
♪ They now had more important ♪
-♪ Things to say...
-[Lee] Karl. Come on.
[honks]
[dispatch] Dispatch to Homicide.
[turns radio off]
Reardon.
[dispatch] Uniform relayed a BPD transfer.
possible homicide at the Crossings.
Seaport at Boston Wharf.
It's a mess down there.
Got it. We'll be there in ten.
Jesus Christ.
Ah. there we go. Oh...
[door opens]
-[Lee] Karl?
-Yeah. I'm in here.
-I'm... I'm in here. in here.
-What are you doing?
I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming.
I had a horrible night. okay?
-I passed out so hard.
I swear this woman roofied me.
-Yeah?
Couldn't have been the eight beers?
-[cans rattle]
-You still have your wallet?
Yeah. Yeah. I still have my wallet.
-Yeah. Where we going?
-Seaport.
The twins are already there.
Dispatch says it's nuts.
Seaport? I haven't been there in a minute.
Mm.
Mm. who was it this time?
Don't. don't. don't.
I don't know. Hannah somebody.
-Hannah somebody.
-[Lee whistles]
Yeah? You should know better
than to swipe...
-Give it. give it here. Please. Please.
-on a Hannah. [laughs]
What is this? Did you...
Did you wear this to the club last night?
Goddamn right I did.
I'm about to wear it again.
-All right.
-It's a sexy man jacket.
Ex-wife to my new life.
[Lee] Good. I hated her
even before she fucked your brother.
[mysterious music playing]
-[sirens wailing]
-[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Where the fuck are we. Dubai?
You know what used to be here. right?
The old shellfish warehouse
where we found those Russians.
Get out of here.
Never tell that in a million years.
Nothing stays the same except dead bodies.
What do we got here?
Suspected homicide.
Call came in through BFD.
but that's all we know.
Where are we going?
[officer] It's around the back.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Whoa. My man.
Scuse you.
Just... pants. in public.
Just have a little bit of decency.
God. I hate these people.
Not as much as me.
Yeah. but you hate everyone.
[indistinct chatter]
Call came in at 5:38.
it was a false alarm.
-Triggered by hand in the lobby.
-Which. who cares.
until we heard about the smell.
Decomp coming out of number 11.
too strong for an animal.
I knocked. but no answer.
Door's unlocked.
[Karl] So what'd you do?
You went in there. touched everything.
-fucked it all up?
-Nah.
We taped it off. waited for you.
Which apartment is it?
Here.
Did one of you talk to the neighbors?
-See who lives there?
-[Dec] We did. No one knows.
Someone call for a property manager?
Here.
Who's this douchebag?
That's you? You manage property?
Kevin Sullivan.
Watertown Management Group.
[menacing music playing]
[Karl] Who lives in Apartment 11. Kevin?
No idea. That's a corporate rental.
Short-termers. in and out.
But if you have a warrant.
I can go grab a master key.
Door's open. We don't need a key.
Nor do we need a warrant. man.
But we are getting one anyway.
In the meantime.
we'll stay in public areas.
CSR is on the way. Morning.
[Kevin] Morning.
Hey. Let's go.
[menacing music playing]
[water running]
♪ ♪
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
[car door shuts]
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles]
-Hey.
-Hey!
I'm sorry.
I hope you weren't waiting long.
No. no. not at all.
I'm just glad I'm in the right place.
[laughs]
-[sexy music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
Your server will be right over.
Good to see you again.
Okay.
So... [chuckles softly]
Do you have a favorite cocktail?
Yes.
French 75.
Named after some gun in World War II
because of the big kick.
Something to drink to start?
Uh. can we have two French 75s. please?
So. that's your favorite drink.
Uh...
favorite movie?
-Truman Show.
-Classic.
-Food?
-[inhales deeply]
Grilled cheese.
With mayonnaise.
Yeah.
[laughs] You're just gonna
have to trust me.
You're gonna have to try it.
Um. okay.
My turn.
Do you have any siblings?
Younger brother.
But we're not close.
What about you?
Older sister and...
we're very close.
but we're very different.
Question.
You said that you had
only read about this place
when the woman who took your coat
had clearly seen you here before?
[chuckles]
This is embarrassing.
I-I was hoping
that you didn't catch on to that.
[chuckles] Wh-what?
You can tell me.
-Okay. the truth is...
-Mm-hmm.
That. um. I came here
a couple weeks ago for work.
I wanted it to feel like
we were discovering the city together.
And... I-I don't know.
It seemed like a harmless omission
at the time.
I-I don't know why I did it.
I think you make me nervous.
[Ciara] I work in tech support
and I wear disposable fashion
and I make you nervous?
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
You're so cool and you're pr... so pretty.
And. uh. I don't know.
I just wa... I wanted this to go well.
So...
can we. uh...
Can we please start over?
Okay.
Hi.
Hi. [laughs]
[sniffles]
We were just.
I just left the cake out
-overnight and the problem was gone.
-[laughing]
-[laughing] Okay.
-Yeah.
And your dog didn't eat it?
I didn't have a dog.
So then...
-what. you believe in ghosts
that eat cake?
-Mm.
Nah. I wouldn't say that I believe.
I would say that...
I think that you can't rule anything out
-when it comes to the universe.
-No. totally.
I completely agree.
I mean. I think that...
life is way too weird
to rule anything out.
Did you know. actually. that...
in Thailand. they believe in ghosts
who drink Fanta?
Specifically. the strawberry kind.
I did not know that.
I don't know how you do.
My dad used to watch
this old show called In Search of...
And it was all about. um.
like. supernatural phenomena.
uh. ghosts and ESP
and the Bermuda Triangle.
Never heard of it.
Actually. the episode about UFOs
was how I first got interested in space.
And then we did a school trip
to the Kennedy Space Center and...
that sealed it for me.
How old were you?
Fourteen.
We were led into this
dark theater.
They were doing this presentation
on the creation of NASA.
And Tyler Merkow
sat down next to me.
Cutest boy in eighth grade. oh. my God.
I had such a crush on him.
[laughs]
And I try to play it cool. right?
I try to focus on the film.
But then suddenly
the movie stopped.
And the lights went pitch black.
And we could hear this…
-[♪ Billie Eilish & Khalid: "Lovely"]
-♪ Something's on my mind...
low. disorienting rumble.
♪ Always in my head space...
Were you scared?
Yeah. a little.
But mostly excited.
'Cause I could tell
that something big was about to happen.
And then the walls
were no longer there.
And the dark became the sky.
And all of a sudden.
the Atlantis shuttle...
the actual real thing...
was right there.
suspended like it was flying.
And Tyler grabbed my hand.
And for a minute.
I felt like I was flying. too.
♪ Isn't it lovely ♪
♪ All alone...
-What happened to him?
-Who?
Tyler Merkow?
Yeah.
♪ Tear me to pieces...
Did he end up falling for you in the end?
Oh. yeah.
Too hard. actually.
And then I broke his heart.
[waiter] Another round?
Definitely. [chuckles]
Don't we have to go?
-[swallows]
-[gulps]
[chuckles] Uh. actually. I. uh. I blew it.
Movie starts in ten minutes.
-Oh!
-I mean. we could run.
but I don't like rushing.
No. and then. what.
we're missing the trailers?
Right.
So let's stay here.
Maybe we can...
catch a film later this week.
If that works?
That works.
Two more. please.
You know. I really like it here.
I feel like if you drove
past this building you would
never know what was on the inside.
So you like secrets?
No.
I didn't say that.
I like... reveals.
I like discovering things.
Secrets are obviously the opposite.
They're about withholding.
I think secrets are fucking destructive.
You don't agree?
Yeah. yeah. [chuckles softly]
Bathroom. I-I'll be right back.
[tense music playing]
-[panting]
-[line ringing]
[man over phone] You've reached
Troxler Psychotherapy.
-If this is an emergency. please dial 911.
-[phone beeps]
[stammers] Dan? It's me.
[panting]
[exhales] I-I think I'm doing it again.
And I don't know what's gonna happen
if you don't pick up the fucking phone.
♪ ♪
Excuse me.
Let's go. I called an Uber.
Okay.
I'm really glad that we did this.
Sorry.
No. Why? Don't be.
I really don't want to mess this up.
You won't. You're not.
[atmospheric music playing]
[driver] Oliver?
-Where do you live?
-Uh. Dorchester?
-127 Josephine.
-Forget Seaport.
127 Josephine. please.
We can share.
It's nice out. I think I'm gonna walk.
Okay.
Talk soon?
Definitely.
[car door closes]
[engine recedes]
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[atmospheric music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[indistinct radio chatter]
Mm.
[exhales]
[clears throat]
We had 56 units completed in 2020
and turned a profit
in less than two years.
That's how hot the market's been.
[laughs softly]
[Kevin] These kids
got more money than God.
Who pulled the fake fire alarm. Kevin?
No clue.
Uh. need you to get me the surveillance.
The lobby. the elevator. the hallway.
and yes. it's in the warrant.
[suspenseful music playing]
These. uh. spot numbers.
they correspond to the apartments?
Yeah. I guess who was ever here.
they don't have a car.
Ah.
Well. since this thing doesn't have
a license plate number for me to run.
need you to find out who lives here.
Hey. if you don't mind me asking.
what's going on?
Oh. I do mind.
-Go.
-[engine approaches]
Yeah. all right.
[tires screech]
[Ciara] It's nice.
Well. no. that's a bit
of an overstatement.
It's-it's livable. if you like termites.
But it's close to the T.
so I don't need a car.
And. uh. the neighborhood
is definitely on its way up.
Better be. for what you're paying for it.
Yeah. Mom was asking me
how you were doing today.
I told her everything was great.
She worries about you
living in the ghetto.
Oh. my God. Tell her not to say "ghetto."
You tell her.
You should give her a call.
I'm gonna. I was gonna.
How is she doing. by the way?
Oh. you know. she's batshit.
Yesterday. she hit on the UPS guy.
Yeah. she said. "I know he wants it.
he's always bringing me presents."
Right. Mom. he brings you bags
of prescription dog food
because he really wants to fuck you.
[scoffs]
You're a saint for dealing with it.
Oh. I know I am.
But hey. I can't complain.
Things have been worse.
Way. way worse.
I'm sorry. dude. I feel like
I should be there with you.
No. no. don't be sorry.
I don't need you here. I need you there.
making some real money.
Repo people came looking for the Subaru.
so I moved it to the Costco parking lot.
but I. uh. can't hide the house there.
I'm gonna Venmo you as soon as I can.
it's just gonna
take me a little while to get paid.
In the meantime. you do anything for fun?
You. uh. meet anybody?
What do you mean. like.
in the whole of Boston?
I've met people at work.
You on the apps?
God. no. No. No one like that. really.
Really or you haven't?
You don't have to tell me
if you don't want to.
No. why wouldn't I tell you?
Because whoever he is.
he's not good for you.
and you don't want to hear about it.
[contemplative music playing]
[speaking inaudibly]
♪ ♪
[Elliot] Ollie. Good work.
We'll be ready for those water hogs
in the penthouse. huh?
I'll make sure of it.
-So. how's everything going?
-Really. really good.
I just feel really lucky for. um...
being here.
and I just wanted to say. uh. thank you
-for everything.
-No thanks needed.
We're lucky to have you.
Just don't be afraid
to put yourself out there.
It's a brand-new start.
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
-Hello?
-[over phone] Hey. It's Oliver.
Hey. Yeah. I know.
I-I was. uh. I was hoping that you wanted
to maybe do a redo on that movie.
I-I promise. no pregame this time.
[laughs softly]
Yeah. sure. When?
Is tonight too soon?
No. not at all.
The Adlow's on Harvard and Green.
It looks. uh. o-old-school...
[Ciara chuckles] Okay. what kind of
old-school we talking?
Red velvet curtains
or gum stuck under the seats?
Honestly. let's hope
it's the first option.
[Ciara laughs softly]
So I'll see you tonight?
Yeah. s... uh. see you soon.
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind whooshing]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[laughter]
How would you like it
if I fucked your sister?
Back off. man.
[laughs]
-Boo. [chuckles]
-[gasps]
-Hey. you.
-[laughs] Hi.
Hi.
Brought a bottle of Jack
and we're gonna sneak it into the theater.
What do you think about that?
-That's good thinking.
-Right?
-Hopefully we make it
to the end of this movie.
-[chuckles]
-[laughter]
-I'm just saying...
[dramatic music playing]
[John F. Kennedy] ...and do all this...
[over speaker] ...and do all this
and do it right and do it first.
before this decade is out.
then we must be bold.
[cheering over speaker]
[tense music playing]
[narrator over speaker] Armstrong's
improvised Lunar Landing Research Vehicle
was constructed from
a single pilot seat atop a jet engine
that pointed directly at the ground.
Side-mounted thrusters meant to
replicate landing forces threw the vehicle
-off-balance.
-[laughs]
[narrator] Armstrong plummeted
to the Earth.
♪ ♪
[chuckles softly]
[indistinct chatter]
[Ciara] But you don't...
All you see is the crash.
-you don't see him eject.
-[Oliver] Yeah. but you know that he did.
or he would have been dead
before he got to the Moon.
Well. you have to admit that it wasn't...
-funny.
-Yeah. it was. It was funny.
I mean. y-you know that almost
every one of those tests ends in ejection?
It's like the-the climax of the thing.
You think they were doing it
because they thought it was fun?
Yeah.
Have you ever been skydiving?
No. I've never been skydiving. Have you?
No.
But I know what it feels like.
Want to see?
See what it feels like to go skydiving?
Yeah.
What are you gonna do. you gonna
push me off the top of a building?
Don't worry. You'll love it.
[pulsing music playing]
How do you know about this place?
Oh. my firm bid on this project.
Lost out. I studied the plans.
The flood mitigation system is...
it's fascinating.
-Yeah. it sounds like it.
-Here. come on.
Thanks.
Shit on the floodwalls all you want.
but an industrial humidity reduction fan
will give you the thrill of a lifetime.
Oh!
-[shrieks]
-There you go.
There you go.
No. you're okay. you're okay.
Turn around.
You're all right. Turn around.
Lean forward.
That's it. Do you feel it?
No. I got you. I got you.
Ah! Is it good?
[exclaims]
[deep. dramatic music playing]
[♪ Poliça: "Alive"]
Come home with me.
♪ Feel the water in my womb ♪
♪ I'm much smarter ♪
♪ Till the winter sun ♪
[panting]
♪ Reﬂection matters ♪
♪ Catching after ♪
♪ Sex is shattered ♪
♪ Clone of clone ♪
♪ Women won't be ♪
♪ Men across me ♪
♪ Was I want see ♪
♪ It bad enough ♪
♪ Joyous cut ♪
♪ A satin casket ♪
♪ Mind revolting ♪
♪ Why can't I cum? ♪
[Ciara] Wow.
♪ Can't I cum? ♪
Is this how you pictured it?
-Your apartment?
-No.
This...
I don't know what you mean.
Yes. you do. Take off your jacket.
♪ Desire spoken ♪
♪ It's a joke ♪
♪ I want my pain...
So. do I make you a drink?
I got a really great scotch
that I got from a client.
We could drink our drink
and pretend to be interested
in whatever it is
that we're talking about. but...
we aren't really
gonna be listening. are we?
We will be thinking
about what happens next.
How do you know what I'll be thinking?
'Cause I'll ask you.
And you'll tell me.
♪ Oh. you're alive ♪
♪ I'll be alive ♪
♪ Oh. shе's alive ♪
[moaning]
♪ I'll be alive ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. she's alive ♪
♪ Oh. I'll be alive ♪♪
Are you asleep?
No.
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
This scar that you have...
When did you get that?
It's a long time ago.
What happened?
It was an accident.
[loud exhaling nearby]
[groaning exhale]
[quiet. tense music playing]
[exhaling nearby]
[deep inhaling nearby]
♪ ♪
[exhaling]
[inhaling]
[exhaling. groaning]
-Hi.
-Hey.
How'd you sleep?
Pretty good. What about you?
Um...
I didn't.
I have. uh. problems in that department.
Have you been to a doctor?
Many. many times.
And do they know why...
Why I can't sleep?
Same reason as everybody else.
Inflation. climate change.
social media. drug addiction. mass murder.
disposable fashion.
I mean. seriously.
I don't know how anyone
with a brain can sleep on this planet.
Putin just needs to bite the bullet
and drop the fucking bomb already.
Coffee?
No. thank you.
I actually really have to get going.
[Oliver] I can. uh...
make you some eggs. [chuckles]
Nah. I'm good.
Um. where can I catch the T?
Uh...
Yeah. the red line's down A.
you can make a right on Broadway.
Perfect.
Call you.
I would hope so.
Ooh! [gasps]
[moans]
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[phone buzzes]
-[elevator bell dings]
-[phone buzzing]
[Hannah chuckles]
[gasps] What is this?
Oh. is this yours?
I think not.
[indistinct chatter]
There's something I need to... tell you.
That. uh. Hannah bitch from last night.
she. uh. posted this.
Is that her hands on your weapon?
[Hannah] Oh. Oh. Is this yours?
I-I knew it was coming.
I knew it was coming.
Wrong? Yeah. it is.
[ragged exhale] I mean it this time.
I am done.
I'm finished. I'm done
with this city. this job. all of it.
It's like it's the universe telling me.
"Run for your life. Karl.
get out while you still can."
Hello? Yeah. sure. I'll tell him.
The universe actually wants you to know.
it doesn't revolve around you.
Not hearing me.
You're not.
I cannot live like this anymore.
Please. just... [sighs]
Today is already fucked up
enough as it is. okay?
Can we just...
Are you ready to do this?
[Lee] We're ready.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[officer] All right.
-Right.
-That's it?
-[Lee] Yeah.
-It's open.
♪ ♪
[officer speaks indistinctly]
[radio chatter]
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicks]
[shower running]
-[brakes screech lightly]
-[horn honks]
Excuse me.
Yes?
-Hi.
-Sorry to scare you.
-You didn't.
I'm Jane.
I couldn't help but notice.
you coming from The Crossings?
I saw you with Oliver.
How do you know him?
We went to college together.
His roommate dated mine.
Really?
I really don't want to be rude
but I just don't see how
this is any of your business.
[Jane] I'm just warning you to be careful.
He's not who you think he is.
Yes. he is.
And I really have to go.
but it was nice meeting you.
Ish.
Okay. then.
Good luck.
[menacing music playing]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
[shower running]
[sinister music playing]
What would I ever do without you?
[ethereal music playing]
I'm Ciara.
Hi. I'm Ciara Wyse.
Oh. no. I'm. um...
I'm one of those people
who's not really from anywhere.
My-my dad was in the Navy.
so I grew up all over.
but. um. yeah. I just moved to Boston
a week ago for-for my work.
Yeah. [laughs]
Yeah.
♪ ♪
[haunting music playing]
[Dan] This woman. Ciara.
is not who you think she is.
This season on 56 Days...
A body was found in apartment 11.
Why does this place look so familiar?
I think I'm doing it again.
I know who you are.
And she's watching me
and I can't get away from her.
[Ciara] Stay away from me.
[Oliver] Someone left me an envelope.
With my name on it.
Who do you think might have done that?
Yes. we are here to ask questions
about Oliver St. Ledger.
I'm gonna get you.
[Oliver] Not if I get you first.
I think secrets are fucking destructive.
[Lee] Their whole relationship was a lie.
She's a con artist.
I may have access
to some funds.
[beeping]
[Lee] I'm not sure which one of them
was more demented.
[dramatic music playing]
[tires screech]
[Ciara] The whole point of trust
is taking a risk
and saying the things
that you don't want to say.
♪ ♪
I'll tell you the truth.
[haunting music playing]
♪ ♪